Update data-considerations-content.md (#4506)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/microservices/design/data-considerations-content.md

There is no single approach that's correct in all cases, but here are some general guidelines for managing data in a microservices architecture.

> - Tailor consistency per component (check [using tactical DDD to design microservices](../model/tactical-ddd.yml) for further info) and use eventual consistency where possible. Understand the places in the system where you need strong consistency or ACID transactions, and the places where eventual consistency is acceptable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define the required consistency level per component, preferring eventual consistency where possible. Understand the places in the system where you need strong consistency or ACID transactions, and the places where eventual consistency is acceptable. Review [Using tactical DDD to design microservices](../model/tactical-ddd.yml) for further component guidance.
```
